insert into preferences (`country`, `cultural`, `food`, `outdoors`, `urban`, `description`)
    VALUES
    ('Argentina', 1, 1, 0, 0, "Argentina is one of South America’s giants – both in terms of size and what it offers. From thundering waterfalls and mighty glaciers to soaring mountains and the dusty desert, Argentina is a true heavyweight when it comes to natural beauty, and there is so much to do. (Jacada Travel Site 2023)"),
    ('Australia', 1, 0, 0, 1, 'Most of Australia is still untouched and in its natural state. As already mentioned, Australia is the perfect place to sunbathe at stunning beaches, go diving at the Great Barrier Reef (more on that below), bask in wide-open spaces, and camp surrounded by wildlife.'),
    ('Bangladesh', 1, 1, 0, 0, 'The riverine country of Bangladesh (“Land of the Bengals”) is one of the most densely populated countries in the world, and its people are predominantly Muslim. As the eastern portion of the historical region of Bengal, the area once formed, along with what is now the Indian state of West Bengal, the province of Bengal in British India.(Britannica)'),
    ('Belgium', 1, 1, 0, 1,'Belgium and the political entities that preceded it have been rich with historical and cultural associations, from the Gothic grandeur of its medieval university and commercial cities and its small, castle-dominated towns on steep-bluffed winding rivers, through its broad traditions in painting and music that marked one of the high points of the northern Renaissance(Britannica)'),
    ('Brazil', 1, 0, 0, 1, 'Brazil stretches roughly 2,700 miles (4,350 km) from north to south and from east to west to form a vast irregular triangle that encompasses a wide range of tropical and subtropical landscapes, including wetlands, savannas, plateaus, and mountains. Brazil contains most of the Amazon River, which has the world’s largest river system and the world’s most-extensive rainforest.(Britannica)'),
    ('Chad', 0, 0, 1, 1, 'Chad, landlocked country in north-central Africa. The terrain is that of a shallow basin that rises gradually from the Lake Chad area in the west and is rimmed by mountains to the north, east, and south. Natural irrigation is limited to the Chari and Logone rivers and their tributaries, which flow from the southeast into Lake Chad.(Britannica)'),
    ('Chile', 0, 0, 1, 1, 'Chile’s relief is for the most part mountainous, with the Andes range dominating the landscape. Because of the country’s extreme length it has a wide variety of climates, from the coastal desert beginning in the tropical north to the cold subantarctic southern tip. Chile is also a land of extreme natural events: volcanic eruptions, violent earthquakes, and tsunamis. (Britannica)'),
    ('Colombia', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'The population is largely concentrated in the mountainous interior, where Bogotá, the national capital, is situated on a high plateau in the northern Andes Mountains.(Britannica)'),
    ('Egypt', 1, 1, 0, 0, 'Egypt, country located in the northeastern corner of Africa. Egypt’s heartland, the Nile River valley and delta, was the home of one of the principal civilizations of the ancient Middle East and, like Mesopotamia farther east, was the site of one of the world’s earliest urban and literate societies. Pharaonic Egypt thrived for some 3,000 years through a series of native dynasties.(Britannica)'),
    ('Finland', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Finland, country located in northern Europe. Finland is one of the world’s most northern and geographically remote countries and is subject to a severe climate. Nearly two-thirds of Finland is blanketed by thick woodlands, making it the most densely forested country in Europe.(Britannica)'),
    ('France', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Historically and culturally among the most important nations in the Western world, France has also played a highly significant role in international affairs, with former colonies in every corner of the globe. Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea, the Alps and the Pyrenees, France has provided a geographic, economic, and linguistic bridge in northern and southern Europe. (Britannica) '),
    ('Greece', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Greece, the southernmost of the countries of the Balkan Peninsula. Geography has greatly influenced the country’s development. Mountains historically restricted internal communications, but the sea opened up wider horizons. (Britannica)'),
    ('Iran', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Iran, a mountainous, arid, and ethnically diverse country of southwestern Asia. The country maintains a rich and distinctive cultural and social continuity dating back to the Achaemenian period, which began in 550 bce. (Britannica)'),
    ('Jamaica', 1, 1, 0, 0,'Jamaica, island country of the West Indies. It is the third largest island in the Caribbean Sea, after Cuba and Hispaniola. (Britannica)'),
    ('Japan', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Japan, island country lying off the east coast of Asia. It consists of a great string of islands in a northeast-southwest arc that stretches for approximately 1,500 miles (2,400 km) through the western North Pacific Ocean.(Britannica)'),
    ('Maldives', 0, 1, 0, 0, 'Maldives, in full Republic of Maldives, also called Maldive Islands, independent island country in the north-central Indian Ocean. It consists of a chain of about 1,200 small coral islands and sandbanks (Britannica)'),
    ('Mongolia', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Mongolia, country located in north-central Asia. It is roughly oval in shape, measuring 1,486 miles (2,392 km) from west to east and, at its maximum, 782 miles (1,259 km) from north to south. Mongolia’s land area is roughly equivalent to that of the countries of western and central Europe(Britannica)'),
    ('New Zealand', 0, 0, 1, 1, 'New Zealand, Māori Aotearoa, island country in the South Pacific Ocean, the southwesternmost part of Polynesia. New Zealand is a remote land—one of the last sizable territories suitable for habitation to be populated, nd settled.(Britannica)'),
    ('Niger', 1, 1, 0, 0, 'Niger, landlocked western African country. It is bounded on the northwest by Algeria, on the northeast by Libya, on the east by Chad, on the south by Nigeria and Benin, and on the west by Burkina Faso and Mali.(Britannica)'),
    ('Saudi Arabia', 1, 0, 0, 1,'Saudi Arabia, arid, sparsely populated kingdom of the Middle East. Extending across most of the northern and central Arabian Peninsula, Saudi Arabia is a young country that is heir to a rich history.(Britannica)'),
    ('Senegal', 1, 1, 0, 0, 'Senegal, country in western Africa. Located at the westernmost point of the continent and served by multiple air and maritime travel routes, Senegal is known as the Gateway to Africa. Britannica'),
    ('South Africa', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'South Africa, the southernmost country on the African continent, renowned for its varied topography, great natural beauty, and cultural diversity, all of which have made the country a favoured destination for travelers since the legal ending of apartheid.(Britannica)'),
    ('Spain', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Spain, country located in extreme southwestern Europe. It occupies about 85 percent of the Iberian Peninsula, which it shares with its smaller neighbour Portugal. Spain is a storied country of stone castles, snowcapped mountains, vast monuments, and sophisticated cities.(Britannica)'),
    ('Sri Lanka', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Sri Lanka, island country lying in the Indian Ocean and separated from peninsular India by the Palk Strait.(Britannica)'),
    ('Turkey', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Turkey, country that occupies a unique geographic position, lying partly in Asia and partly in Europe. Throughout its history it has acted as both a barrier and a bridge between the two continents. Turkey is situated at the crossroads of the Balkans, Caucasus, Middle East, and Easter Europe.(Britannica)'),
    ('United Kingdom', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'United Kingdom, island country located off the northwestern coast of mainland Europe. The United Kingdom comprises the whole of the island of Great Britain—which contains England, Wales, and Scotland—as well as the northern portion of the island of Ireland.(Britannica)'),
    ('United States', 1, 1, 1, 1, 'United States, country in North America, a federal republic of 50 states. (Brittanica)'),
    ('Uruguay', 0, 1, 0, 0, 'Uruguay has long been overshadowed politically and economically by the adjacent republics of Brazil and Argentina, with both of which it has many cultural and historical similarities. Brittanica'),
    ('Venezuela', 1, 1, 0, 0, 'Venezuela is bounded by the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean to the north, Guyana to the east, Brazil to the south, and Colombia to the southwest and west. The national capital, Caracas, is Venezuela’s primary centre of industry, commerce, education, and tourism.(B'),
    ('Vietnam', 1, 1, 0, 1, 'Vietnam has a long history of affiliating with a dominant civilization and adapting that civilization’s ideas, institutions, and technology to Vietnamese purposes. (Brittanica)');
